Example implementation
===

Styles
---

Inside minisite folder an example implementation of the shut framework. The framework is intended to give developers full control without having to think about design details. For example, the orginal LESS files in the framework define the grid, the reset values, give some mixin functions, but it does not define box padding, number of columns in grid system, colors, and images. This means, the developer needs to **seed** it in with these variables to generate their final CSS. 

To do that, in development site (minisite/src an example implementation), a LESS folder is added, which contains four essential framework files:

- **sh.icons.less**: these are the icons initially defined by the font added "vpicons", again, because is project related, it was extracted and placed outside. The way the icons were created, is to allow for maximum applicability. They exists as ".icon-name" and also as a LESS variable "@icon-name" making it usable elsewhere in LESS files. (More on that here <http://vinepaper.com/shutv2/elements/icons>).

- **sh.vars.less**: This is where variables can be redefined, colors, grid layout, fonts, icon-fonts, urls, and general design aspects. You can add your variables here, and start using them in your own LESS files based on Shut framework.

- **sh.imports.less**: This is the file you need to use as the base file to generate your CSS. It has the required Shut files in order, in addition to **inject** tags, I use these tags in combination with GULP to add UI less files, and UI media files. You can use it as you wish, by manually inserting the files, adding your own LESS code, or using Gulp or Grunt to generate it. Find in <https://github.com/ayyash/shut/blob/master/gulptasks/shut.js> gulp tasks to generate CSS in development, and on production.

The other less files added are a good place to start, but they do not belong to the framework. You have to be a *designer* to know how to create your own flavor. This is not like your Bootstrap experience! 

Notice the *all.less* and *all.css* are generated by a gulp task, but the css file is essentially what you should reference in your HTML.

Scripts
---

The src/js folder contains two essential files:

- **dev.js**: This file contains one line to enable message logging. When you publish, make sure to either not copy the file along, or set the variable `_mdebug` to false.

- **sh.data.js**: This contains all textual strings used throughout the framework, in addition to some local settings. All Shut behaviors have a `$.Sh.Behavior.defaults` object that can be overridden in this file. `$.Sh.Modals.defaults` is one example included. This also is where localization and addititional validation rules go. ([] TODO: add example)

  > This file is required for the operation of the framework. Other variables can be defined here and used else where. 

***

The other two files:

- **sh.js** is the concatination of Shut framework, uncompressed. This is for reference.

- **ui.web.js** is not essential, and is an example of adding new files to the framework.

When you create your website, include the CSS and JS as in the index.html. Use your own tools to generate files on development, and before distribution. Find some of these tasks in <https://github.com/ayyash/shut/blob/master/gulptasks/shut.js>.

Look into **public** folder to see what files are eventually needed to run the framework. Remember, the Shut framework is based on the idea that it builds the core, letting you build on it. It is not meant to be a plug-and-play framework.